cleome nestle Rihanna spotted flower you
can see where a spotted flower comes
from so the the flower is very showy
with the pinks and whites from the buds
and then these reproductive structures
the stamens that come out that are very
flowy and contain all the pollen on the
outside so it's a very nice very unique
structure cleome that's Larry Anam I saw
this actually planted in a huge mass at
a place called Belton Graff Gardens down
in Alabama and they had a wedding chapel
basically like a opening here it's kind
of like a big gazebo and riding around
the outside of this they had nothing but
this and it was really pretty
spectacular okay then you get these the
foliage here you get somewhere between
five and nine leaflets on this
particular foliage okay some people say
that this looks
sketchy everybody I'm drawing something
here that I didn't mean okay so if that
helps you
helps you there but to realize that they
are different they don't smoke them all
right yeah yes there are
I don't know botanically what this is a
foreign spine or prickled but it hurts
and right there on the edge
of where the the bud or the penny all
actually jumped out from the main
okay also this has got that sticky feel
to it as well but it's got a different
smell it's this was a very unique scent
most time crunch up the foliage and it's
got that scent maybe sort of like a
little bit of a citrusy smell right
along with some of that must from that
we smell with the petunia okay so
realize that you can also realize that
with this palmate arrangement the
palmate leaf arrangement the one right
here on the terminal and space is the
one that's in the same plane as the
petiole is always going to be the longer
the longer leaf
all right very his fit it's not it's not
really scratchy I shouldn't say his very
much you can see the conventions all
over the plan
which is difficult where the
the Leafs on the bottom begin to sort of
die yellow and the leaves on the top or
more green okay
look for those little thorns a sticky
appearance or sticky feel to it a
pubescent appearance and then obviously
he's got flowers pretty easy idea okay